h1. Views

* http://tinyurl.com/views3-for-devs
* Tables header for View/Edit links - "Actions"
* Views that only have one item can be quite useful
* Use style settings to customize the HTML
** You can turn off a lot of the markup so many of the wrappers go away
** Use view modes to provide consistent markup for elements, rather than duplicating settings across many views
* Links
** Link this field to the original piece of content
** Output field as link, and set custom path
* Summary Views
** Use a contextual filter
** Quick way to make a list to other views
* AND/OR Filters
** Create groups of filters, and then the groups can be AND'D or OR'D
** Configure contextual filters
*** Will always be set in the first group (will not show up in the UI)
* Result Summaries
** Displaying 1-7 of 7 (in Display settings)
** With area plugin you can display them in header etc.
* Aggregate Count queries
** Use aggregation YES (Adv. Settings)
** COUNT(Content) | Aggregation settings (Sort Criteria)
* Alternative Pagers
** i.e. Page by Date
* Views Link Area has a patch for Access Controls on Links!!! (Go review it)
* Custom Code
** http://api.drupal.org/api/views/groups
** http://drupal.geek.nz/views
** Implement @hook_views_api()@
*** Which api
*** Path to code
** Create subclass of appropriate Views class
** Tell Drupal about the class/include in the *.info file
** @views_linkarea@ is a great example
** Expose the class via @hook_views_data()@
*** Define the handler
** @views_plugin_*@ directly relate to the Views UI
*** i.e. @views_plugin_display@ holds the code responsible for providing the Displays
*** In documentation @Class Hierarchy -> views_objects -> views_plugin -> …@
* Handler vs. Plugin
** Views must have one of each plugin, and it can have zero or more handlers
* Enable Core Search module, and then you can add a Full text search Filter

h1. EntityFieldQuery

* If you declare a class in an @*.info@ it will be autoloader, so it is available wherever you want to use it
* Could create @BuckleStore@ class that is a subclass of the EntityFieldQuery
** @class NodeEntityFieldQuery extends EntityFieldQuery {}@
** Add lots of functionality like merging in data from the AS400
*** http://treehouseagency.com/blog/tim-cosgrove/2012/02/16/entityfieldquery-let-drupal-do-heavy-lifting-pt-1
*** http://treehouseagency.com/blog/tim-cosgrove/2012/02/28/entityfieldquery-let-drupal-do-heavy-lifting-pt-2
** You can setup these queries to use different View Modes as the entities are loaded
*** @$nodes = node_load_multiple($nids);@
*** @$output = node_view_multiple($nodes);@
* You can add tags to a query
** http://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/includes!entity.inc/property/EntityFieldQuery%3A%3Atags/7
** There is a hook that can then only be triggered when certain tags are present
*** http://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/includes!entity.inc/function/EntityFieldQuery%3A%3AaddTag/7
*** http://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/modules!system!system.api.php/function/hook_query_TAG_alter/7
* Extend your class with SelectFieldQuery methods, and they just work because EntityFieldQuery extends SelectFieldQuery

h1. Beans

* Block Entities Aren't Nodes
* http://drupal.org/project/bean
** There are BEAN examples on the project page
* These replace custom blocks in D7
** They will be core in D8
* These blocks have View Modes
* Block References Module
* @hook_beans_types()@
* Use the bean_examples module for code
* http://drupal.org/sandbox/brantwynn/1376658
* http://www.archive.org/details/DrupalBeanModuleTutorial-UsingBeanAdminUiAndWritingBeanPlugins-

h1. Takeaways

* Create Nodes that represent landing pages
** Add fields that are block references
*** BEANs are Block Entities
** Treehouse build Energy.gov thisway

h1. Misc

* Fences
* LayoutManager
* Attachment Views